feat(migration): enhancers removal (#731)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/migration/manual-migration.mdx

- Remove import and usage of the component from your page
- Use the [meta](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/meta-v2)
  function with our
  [generateMetas helper](/docs/remixed/api-reference/front-commerce-remix/generate-metas)
  to inject your custom metadatas in your Route Module.

> ### `Enhancers` components

Reviewer: **nitpick:** similar to SEO components, it's also related to the more global shift to using Remix routes.

**suggestion(for-now):** rename the "Components" section to a "Refactor pages to Remix routes"

**suggestion(long-term):** it'll very likely be its own page!

> Some `Enhances` HOC were only handling data loading for the page, we decided to remove them in favor of
> [data loading in Remix Loader](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/loader).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Page `Enhancer` HOC usually were responsible for data loading in `2.x`. As we now embrace [Remix Server/Client Model](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/pages/philosophy#serverclient-model), page enhancers must be removed in favor of [Remix route loaders](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/loader).
```

You can see an example in the [category route file](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/skeleton/app/routes/category.%24id.tsx) on
how the data loading is now used with the `loader` method.

You need to pay attention to two thing if you've overriden this file :

> - Did you update the query to fetch category ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Did you update the query to fetch category?
```
